Winter/kzn 3294 create v1 codemod runner (#6012)
cultureamp/kaizen-design-system: packages/components/codemods/runV1Codemods/README.md

9. **migrateInformationTileMoodToVariant** - Changes `mood` prop to `variant` on InformationTile
10. **migrateInlineNotificationTypeToVariant** - Changes `type` prop to `variant` on InlineNotification
11. **migrateMultiActionTileMoodToVariant** - Changes `mood` prop to `variant` on MultiActionTile
12. **migrateNotificationTypeToVariant** - Changes `type` prop to `variant` on Notification
13. **migrateProgressBarMoodToColor** - Changes `mood` prop to `color` on ProgressBar
14. **migrateToastNotificationTypeToVariant** - Changes `type` prop to `variant` on ToastNotification
15. **migrateWellVariantToColor** - Changes `variant` prop to `color` on Well
16. **removeInputEditModalMood** - Removes deprecated `mood` prop from InputEditModal
17. **removePopoverVariant** - Removes deprecated `variant` and `customIcon` props from Popover

## Error Handling

- If any individual codemod fails, the process continues with the remaining codemods
- Detailed logging shows the start and completion status of each codemod
- A summary is provided at the end showing successful vs failed codemods

## Cautions and caveats

### Reducing the blast radius of the codemods

> Thi running will create a lot of diffs and changes to your components as the traverses the entire directory given.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This runner will create a lot of diffs and changes to your components as the traverses the entire directory given.
```

> To reduce the scope, consider either running this on component or page directories or running the mode incrementally, ie:

Reviewer 2: Maybe in the above example `pnpm kaizen-codemod src runV1Codemods` instead of `src` we can use a component or page path?

Might reduce the risk of someone (like myself 😅) just copying and pasting the command then realising I shouldn't have done that
